Miss Song, these plans are all made according to your requirements.
Can you say
You are questioning me
Mr. Su, I am a fake party
Have the right not to plan
If you can't give me a satisfactory answer
Just wait for the lawyer's letter
Dare to send me a kiss, strong person
This is what happens.
unclear
Why are you here?
Fuxin, you came just in time.
Hurry up and appease Mr. Su
He's on fire right now
What happened to Mr. Su?
The person in charge of the Song enterprise doesn't know which tendon is wrong.
The difficulty of picking on Mr. Su
We stayed up for a few big nights
It has been changed for the fifth time this week alone.
If you don't pass it, you will have to eat a lawyer's letter.
What about 50 million liquidated damages?
That's a lot of money.
Song Shi, you go to work first
Leave it to me.
Sister, put the documents on the table and go out. I'm busy.
Sister, you have been busy all day.
Why don't you take a break?
This week is the last day left
This plan must be made
Sister, if you can trust me
Leave the plan to me
I have been in Fuji before
I worked on a lot of projects.
Quality? Nothing to say.